[Music]
Good afternoon family, I hope
you're enjoying Monday today we're nonstop
with the news and it's that well
this is going to explode from any side
okay yesterday Isabel Rabago looked terrible with
all due respect but
this girl better not give up on fanaticism
because she is the things that you're
defending and knowing how to work the things
that are defending the shabelle rabo
as a friend I don't know if to myself or to suck up
no really I doubt it I don't know I don't
know why she's doing this because she's
defending things that I
often hear her do it's a perdition that I've
followed for a long time because we are
more or less of the same
ideological persuasion we agree on many
things and the thing is that she's defending things and
justifying things that are totally
contrary to what she thinks are
totally contrary to her ideology or in other words
defending things testimony that has not
been judged without evidence and that this yes
the other tremendous
tremendous the year I don't know what it is about
Rocío Carrasco and Fidel I don't know what it is about her
but the truth daughter makes you
look very bad you're not seeing how
your partner is blocking you really that yes
maybe you have more days or you have
more possibilities of continuing in Telecinco
or La Fábrica whatever but you're not
seeing how people like María
Patiño look because María Patiño is already
embarrassing the things that they do on television it's
embarrassing to listen to her well then
outside Mrs. Raquel Mosquera
was talking and telling things about the
mess she has with Pedro
Carrasco's apartment what he was left what he didn't
get and so on you're not going to know what
Raquel Mosquera was saying is that
she didn't get what she should have
gotten more or less like this so
that you understand me the apartment was
valued at a low price but how good that she
used it an agreement with Rocío and that she went
alone okay she went alone without lawyers
without anything and Rocío went with Fin he of
course Fidel in charge of everything and with
a lawyer a manager I don't remember
what they were or Isabel Rábago during
several occasions it seems that she was
probably talking to Fidel she was trying to
defend the indefensible but let's go
everything she has to defend
Fidel she is the best Rocío Carrasco the
best and they are absolutely right
in everything okay
off I am informed that it was
between 80 and 90 square meters that the
apartment was between 80 and 90
square meters she is informed okay have
that information by the end of the video it
is called with the face of with the arrogance
that says it she does not say it like haha ​​I
am right and the face that she is
getting looking here for the public the
documentation you have already spoken
and I have categorically but categorically
the documentation of the lawyer Diego whether
or not it will be
the head of the king look at the face well this
face where she works puts for each
Raquel Mosquera presents the
documentation
okay so these faces I don't know what it
means with the temperament that she has that
she is not going to sign for me she is going to sign
if it is really
something sentimental
from the program of the question of if you had
not been advised to leave I
remember that she investigates all this I did
not have a lawyer then she also
hooks up with Diego to steal because Diego
Arrabal let's see here
no  for by phone about this the others
are giving you the instructions or
saying yes
here they got hooked and no please
my job
at my job because if I have to call
to corroborate the information side
from the pedestal and that is my job
but of course
you are journalists you can call the
source to corroborate the information
but that does not mean that the source
is the absolute truth Isabel it is that you
defend the source let's go to the
sources of ccoo and they tell you that the sky
is green and you are going to defend it tooth and
nail in the sky is green you can
with your power contrast the information
of course it is your job Clark or
things that others do not do of
course but that you contrast the
information is worth it that you consulted it does not
mean that what they are
telling you defend it with your face that you
are the one who is giving the face
already you are the one who is giving the face and
in the end the face has been fatal
because raquel mosquera has taken out on her
instagram 2 hours ago this document
where she is telling you and she is
showing you that she is telling the
truth
she is telling the truth okay good
afternoon my loves and  my hearts I am
sending you this document so you can see how
I was there on the Viva la Vida program
where I work as a collaborator as you
know when I provide this
documentation you can clearly see the square
meters that the apartment has the journalist and
companion through supposedly little
calls from the maestro who directs the
orchestra wanted to imply that it had been over
160 meters or something more
to say that the accounts were more
if I do not say this you already know me and I
was not happy to remember what
my husband's daughter recognized a few years later by signing the document that she
signed that things were not done well
on her part having to contribute
money without reaching what I really
corresponded to after the lawsuit that I filed against her
reaching an agreement with the lawyers so that we
see that it was a lawsuit by Rocío
Carrasco because they do not know the
accounts well or it does not add up whatever it is and in the
end it is an out-of-court agreement more or
less something like that in which she is telling
Raquel Mosquera
remind the companion and
journalist again not to bring a lawyer so that it is
clear to her remind the maestro
partner of my husband's daughter so that
supposedly not  confuse her and be
objective and not make herself look bad because she
looks bad she's looking
terrible it's that on top of that she posted a
super feminist tweet today clearly she
posted today but she had posted a
super feminist tweet as if to say that she's
tired of all the times that
Rocío Carrasco's story has been explained
and that people question it
please Isabel please of course we're
going to question it but if it's that
look yes look right there right there
you were hiring the information
well look they lied to you and made you
look bad and it's true the
other day with Gloria Camila also with
Gol or in Camí you left her in a bad light a
lot of times at night the other
day it was coming across as if it was something
personal with Antonio Rosso because
Antonio Rosso was talking about the
immigrants please what gives you
gives you life it's your blood Rocío
Carrasco and fi from Miami to my Deportivo from
your work please give me some advice it's whatever
you want we here we comment
we laugh no because
he  like her partner who is the
score and his shield since he
was there with his cap and arms
crossed listening attentively to the
goods that there were or stopped being
etcetera that by the way
all this moves me when we talk about this
subject it reminds me of the same moment and
last day that my husband Pedro was
with me with his daughter and his partner with his
cap and arms crossed listening
attentively to everything that his daughter had to
say to her father this is the episode that
Raquel Mosquera continues to tell in
which Rocío tells her
father that the anti I don't owe you anything good he
says that he insults the mother that
Rocio said no Raquel Mosquera said that
our Carrasco had spoken badly of the
mother he hadn't had some ugly words
for the mother that he wouldn't have
reproduced it here in this video
to you to my mother I owe us nothing I owe it
to this one who is there this is the one who has
managed to get me up with something like that I don't
remember the literal words but let's
go a spectacle spectacle
let's be clear there was a tax advisor
who was a friend of Pedro  and Rocío mother and
who always carried out their accounts
and then for me too, I didn't have a
lawyer I went alone and she did have a lawyer
her current partner the teacher and the
intermediary tax advisor a hug and lots of
kisses for everyone I will
put this with her she made a suit for
Isabel Rábago she made a suit for
Rocío Carrasco and she made a suit for Fidel
what do you think as a family always with
respect please to the protagonists of
the videos Ossandón huge hug
tonight tweets arrivals tonight tournament
tweets -rival I have published who will
invite look
here you have the poster look tonight on
my tweets channel okay special
Valentine's Day tournament family we are going to have an
incredible time goodbye I hope
and by the way lots of me tomorrow I have
prepared for teles the PSE or an
exclusive I am not going to say absolutely
anything tomorrow we will see each other
[Music]
and